Add support for maximum Spot price set equal to the On-Demand price On EMR (#9833)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/emr_cluster.html.markdown

  master_instance_group {
    instance_type = "m4.large"

>     market        = "SPOT"

Reviewer: Nit: I'm not sure our example configuration should recommend `SPOT` for the master instance group, since presumably it can get pre-empted.

      volumes_per_instance = 1
    }

>     market = "SPOT"

Reviewer: Same here about removing changes with deprecated arguments.

* `instance_type` - (Required) EC2 instance type for all instances in the instance group.
* `autoscaling_policy` - (Optional) String containing the [EMR Auto Scaling Policy](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/ManagementGuide/emr-automatic-scaling.html) JSON.

> * `market` - (Required) The instance purchasing option. Valid values are ON_DEMAND or SPOT. 

Reviewer: Once this is made optional, we should alphabetize it with the other optional arguments and also explain its backwards compatible behavior:

```suggestion
* `market` - (Optional) The instance purchasing option. Valid values are `ON_DEMAND` or `SPOT`. Defaults to `ON_DEMAND` unless `bid_price` is set to a non-empty value.
```

Similar changes to `master_instance_group` below.

> * `bid_price` - (Optional) The maximum Spot price your are willing to pay for EC2 instances. An optional, nullable field that applies if the MarketType for the instance group is specified as SPOT. Specify the maximum spot price in USD. If the value is NULL and SPOT is specified, the maximum Spot price is set equal to the On-Demand price.

Reviewer: We should make this documentation more operator friendly, unless `NULL` is actually a valid value.

```suggestion
* `bid_price` - (Optional) If set, the bid price for each EC2 instance in the instance group, expressed in USD. By setting this attribute, the instance group is being declared as a Spot Instance and will implicitly create a Spot request. If not set while `market` is configured to `SPOT`, the maximum price is set equal to the On-Demand price.
```

Similar changes to `master_instance_group` below.
